Repo readme update (#16579)
Aurorastation/Aurora.3: README.md

# Aurorastation

> ![Aurora Logo.](https://wiki.aurorastation.org/images/6/6b/Main_page_banner1.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Aurora Logo](https://wiki.aurorastation.org/images/6/6b/Main_page_banner1.png)
```

Click [here](https://github.com/Aurorastation/Aurora.3/archive/master.zip) to get the latest stable code as a .zip file, then unzip it to wherever you want.

> If you wish to develop for/using this codebase, please read the "Development" section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to develop for or using this codebase, please read the "Development" section.
```

### DEVELOPMENT

> To develop for/using this codebase, the following tools are recommended:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To develop for or using this codebase, the following tools are recommended:
```

> 
> - An updated and supported Windows Operating System version. (It might be possible to successfully follow the same general steps in other OSes, but they are untested)
> - [BYOND](https://www.byond.com/download/), with an active account ([Register](https://secure.byond.com/Join) if you do not have one already)
> - [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)
> - [Visual Studio Code (VSC)](https://code.visualstudio.com/download)
> - A GitHub account
> 
> Prepare the development environment:
> 
> 1. Create a fork of this repository. Once logged in Github and while viewing this repository, click the "Fork" ribbon, or simply click [here](https://github.com/Aurorastation/Aurora.3/fork), give it a name and follow the forking instructions
> 1. Download and install BYOND, login into it
> 1. Download and install Git and VSC
> 1. Create a folder in which you wish to keep the repository files, preferably on an SSD, then right click → "Git Bash Here". A new command prompt should appear.
> 1. Inside the fork you have created above, click the "Code" ribbon and copy the URL under the HTTPS section
> 1. Run the command `git clone URL_FROM_ABOVE`, changing the "URL_FROM_ABOVE" text with the URL you have copied before, and let it run to completion
> 1. Open VSC and select "Open Folder", select the newly created folder
> 1. Accept the prompts, install the extensions that are suggested, login to those who asks you to, reboot VSC as requested/needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An updated and supported Windows operating system. (It might be possible to successfully follow the same general steps in other OSes, but they are untested.)
- [BYOND](https://www.byond.com/download), with an active account. ([Register](https://secure.byond.com/join) if you do not have one already.)
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)
- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download) (aka VSC.)
- A GitHub account.

Prepare the development environment:
1. Create a fork of this repository. Once logged into GitHub and while viewing this repository, click the "Fork" ribbon, or simply click [here](https://github.com/Aurorastation/Aurora.3/fork). Give it a name and follow the forking instructions
2. Download and install BYOND. Login into it.
3. Download and install Git and VSC.
4. Create a folder where you wish to keep the repository files (preferably on an SSD), then right click and select "Git Bash Here". A new command prompt should appear.
5. Inside the fork you have created above, click the "Code" ribbon and copy the URL under the HTTPS section.
6. Run the command `git clone URL_FROM_ABOVE`, changing the "URL_FROM_ABOVE" text with the URL you have copied before, and let it run to completion.
7. Open VSC and select "Open Folder". Select the newly created folder.
8. Accept the prompts, install the extensions that are suggested, login to those who ask you to, and reboot VSC as needed.
```

Author: Not needed, the website auto-numbers them, as per https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax

> You are now ready to develop for/using the Aurorastation codebase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are now ready to develop for or using the Aurorastation codebase.
```

> If you intend to submit changes to us, please **create a new branch, do not edit the master branch**, you can do so in VSC by bringing up the command palette with CTRL+SHIFT+P and run the command "Git: Create Branch From", select the master branch, give a name for the new one and then hit enter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you intend to change something in the codebase, please **create a new branch. Do not edit the master branch**. You can do so in VSC by bringing up the command palette with CTRL+SHIFT+P and running the command "Git: Create Branch From", select the master branch, giving a name for the new one,and then hitting Enter.
```

> You can then perform changes, commit to said branch, publish it and create a Pull Request (PR) to our repository, to have it evaluated and eventually included in our master branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then perform changes, commit them to said branch, push the changes to your fork, and then create a pull request on our repository, in order to have it evaluated and eventually merged into our master branch.
```

> To update your master branch when ours is updated, simply go to your fork, click the "Sync fork" ribbon and then "Update Branch".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update your master branch when ours is updated, simply go to your fork, click the "Sync Fork" ribbon and then "Update Branch".
```

> You can always [join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/0sYA49zHYGnKWM9p) for questions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can always [join us on our Discord server](https://discord.gg/0sYA49zHYGnKWM9p) for any questions.
```

### INSTALLATION

> This is a sourcecode-only release, so the next step is to compile the server files.
> 
> **Using BYOND tools natively is not supported, you need to either:**
> 
> - Compile the server into a runnable binary using the build tools documented [here](tools/build/README.md).
> 
> - Follow the instructions in the **Development** section, you can skip the creation of a Github account and the use of Git if you intend to manually update your server, but it's suggested not to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a source code-only release, so the next step is to compile the server files.

**Using BYOND tools natively is not supported**, you need to either:
- Compile the server into a runnable binary using the build tools documented [here](tools/build/README.md).
- Follow the instructions in the **Development** section. You can skip the creation of a GitHub account and the use of Git if you intend to manually update your server, but it's recommended not to.
```

>   Once you are inside VSC, with the codebase folder opened and all the extensions installed, simply hit CTRL+F5 (Run without debugging) to compile the source code, this might take a little, after which you should see DreamMaker and/or DreamSeeker popping up, and then the full client UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you are inside VSC, with the codebase folder opened and all the extensions installed, simply hit CTRL+F5 (Run without debugging) to compile the source code. This might take a little, after which you should see DreamMaker and/or DreamSeeker popping up, and then the full client UI.
```

>   You can close DeamMaker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can close DreamMaker.
```

> You will find the server file, aurorastation.**dmb**, inside the folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will find the server file "aurorastation.dmb" inside the folder.
```

Author: The point is to emphasize the DMB extension

> If you see any errors or warnings, something has gone wrong - possibly a corrupt download or the files extracted wrong, or a code issue on the main repo. Ask on [our Discord server](https://discord.gg/0sYA49zHYGnKWM9p) if you're completely lost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you see any errors or warnings, something has gone wrong - possibly a corrupt download or the files have been extracted wrong, or there may be a code issue on the main repo. Feel free to ask on [our Discord server](https://discord.gg/0sYA49zHYGnKWM9p) for help.
```
